Describe processes in points (#364)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/contributor/02-10-operations.md

4. For the only or the oldest CR present in the cluster,  a finalizer is added, the CR is set to the `Processing` state, and the
reconciliation proceeds.
5. The reconciler looks for a `sap-btp-manager` Secret in the `kyma-system` Namespace with the label `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: kcp-kyma-environment-broker`. This Secret contains the Service Manager credentials for SAP BTP Service Operator and should be delivered to the cluster by KEB. If the Secret is missing, an error is thrown (5a), and the reconciler sets the `Warning` state (with the condition reason `MissingSecret`) in the CR and stops the reconciliation until the Secret
is created. 
6. When the Secret is present in the cluster, the reconciler verifies whether it contains the required data. The
Secret should contain the following keys: `clientid`, `clientsecret`, `sm_url`, `tokenurl`, `cluster_id`. None of the
key values should be empty. If some required data is missing, the reconciler throws an error (6a) with the message about
missing keys/values, sets the CR in the `Error` state (reason `InvalidSecret`), and stops the reconciliation until there is a change in the required
Secret.

> 7. After checking the Secret, the reconciler applies and deletes operations of the [module resources](/module-resources).

Reviewer: `the reconciler applies and deletes operations of the module resources` doesn't sound right. It performs apply and delete operations on the module resources.

   You can force the deletion by adding this label to the BTP Operator resource:
   ```
   force-delete: "true"
   ```
   If you use the label, all the existing ServiceInstances and ServiceBindings are deleted automatically.

2. At first, the deprovisioning process tries to perform the deletion in a hard delete mode. It tries to delete all ServiceBindings and ServiceInstances across all Namespaces. The time limit for the hard delete is 20 minutes. 
3. Then it checks if there are any leftover ServiceBindings or ServiceInstances. 
4. The hard delete is unsuccessful if a timeout is reached, if some resources are still present, or in case of an error. Then the process goes into the soft delete mode.
5. The soft delete mode begins with deleting SAP BTP Service Operator module deployment and webhooks.
6. The reconciler removes finalizers from ServiceBindings and deletes the related Secrets.
7. The reconciler checks if there are any ServiceBindings left.
8. Then it removes finalizers from ServiceInstances.

> 9. The last step in the hard delete mode is checking for any leftover ServiceInstances.

Reviewer: soft delete mode

![Provisioning diagram](/docs/assets/provisioning.svg)

The provisioning process is part of a module reconciliation. 
1. To trigger the reconciliation, create a [BtpOperator CR](/api/v1alpha1/btpoperator_types.go):

   ```shell
   cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
   apiVersion: operator.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
   kind: BtpOperator
   metadata:
     name: btpoperator
   EOF
   ```

2. The BtpOperator reconciler picks up the created CR and determines whether it should be responsible for representing the
module status. 
3. The BtpOperator CR reflects the status of the operand, that is, SAP BTP Service Operator, only when it is
the oldest CR present in the cluster. Otherwise, it is given the `Error` state (3a) with the condition reason `OlderCRExists` and the message containing details about the CR responsible for reconciling the operand.
4. For the only or the oldest CR present in the cluster,  a finalizer is added, the CR is set to the `Processing` state, and the
reconciliation proceeds.

> 5. The reconciler looks for a `sap-btp-manager` Secret in the `kyma-system` Namespace with the label `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: kcp-kyma-environment-broker`. This Secret contains the Service

Reviewer 2: Please join all parts of the sentence in one line (47+49+50..) to fix the formatting of the ordered list.

Manager credentials for SAP BTP Service Operator and should be delivered to the cluster by KEB. If the Secret is
missing, an error is thrown (5a), and the reconciler sets the `Warning` state (with the condition reason `MissingSecret`) in the CR and stops the reconciliation until the Secret
is created. 

> 6. When the Secret is present in the cluster, the reconciler verifies whether it contains the required data. The

Reviewer 2: Starting from point 6 the ordered list formatting is broken. Fixes to point 5 should make it work.

10. The reconciler waits a specified time for all module resources existence in the cluster.
If the timeout is reached, the CR receives the `Error` state and the resources are rechecked in the next reconciliation. The reconciler has a fixed
set of [timeouts](/controllers/btpoperator_controller.go) defined as `consts`, which limit the processing time
for performed operations. 
11. The provisioning is successful when all module resources exist in the cluster. This is the
condition that allows the reconciler to set the CR in the `Ready` state.

## Deprovisioning

![Deprovisioning diagram](/docs/assets/deprovisioning.svg)

1. To start the deprovisioning process, use the following command:

   ```
   kubectl delete btpoperator {BTPOPERATOR_CR_NAME}
   ```

   The command triggers the deletion of the module resources in the cluster. By default, the existing ServiceInstances or ServiceBindings block the deletion. To unblock it, you must remove the existing ServiceInstances and ServiceBindings. Then, after the reconciliation, the BTP Operator resource is gone.

   You can force the deletion by adding this label to the BTP Operator resource:
   ```
   force-delete: "true"
   ```

>    If you use the label, all the existing Service Instances and Service Bindings are deleted automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you use the label, all the existing ServiceInstances and ServiceBindings are deleted automatically.
```
